Why do we Unit Test:
1.  Software bugs can hurt our business.
    Software testing catches bugs before they get to the field.
    Several layers of safety nets helps ensure we catch ALL the bugs.
2.  The Different Levels of Testing.
  - Unit Testing.  Testing at the function level.
  - Component Testing.  Testing is at the library and compiled binary level.
  - System Testing.  Tests the external interfaces of a system which is a collection of sub-systems.
  - Performance Testing.  Tests done at the sub-system and system levels to verify timing and resource usages are acceptable.

Unit Testing Specifics:
1.  Tests individual functions in the code.
2.  A test should be written for each test case for a function (all positive and negative test cases).
3.  Groups of tests can be combined into test suites for better organization.
4.  Executes in the development environment rather than the production environment.
5.  Execution of the tests should be automated.

What is Test-Driven Development (TDD):
1.  A process where the developer takes personal responsibility for the quality of your code.
  - Unit tests are written before the production code.
  - Don't write all the tests or production code all at once.
  - Small chunks of tests and production code are written together.

What are some of the benefits of using TDD:
1.  Gives you confidence to make changes to the code.
2.  Gives you immediate feedback.
3.  Documents what the code is doing.
4.  Drives good object-oriented design.

TDD Work Flow:  Red, Green, & Refactor phases:
1.  Red.
  - Write a failing unit test.
2.  Green.
  - Make the test pass.
3.  Refactor.
  - Refactor the code to make it clean.
    . Remove any duplication.
    . Code conforms to standards and best practices.
4.  Repeat the process until the feature is complete.

Uncle Bob's 3 Laws of TDD:
1.  You may not write any production code until you have a failing unit test.
2.  You may not write more of a unit test than is sufficient to fail.  Not compiling is failing.
3.  You may not write more production code than is sufficient to pass the currently failing unit test.
